keyword seo - distributed database & mysql alternative (#740)
pingcap/blog: why-this-mysql-alternative-beats-vitess-and-crdb-in-scaling-out-our-databases-on-k8s.md

---
title: Why This MySQL Alternative Beats Vitess and CRDB in Scaling Out Our Databases on K8s
author: ['Shaun Chong', 'Mengnan Gong']
date: 2021-03-18

> summary: Ninja Van, a leading logistics company in Southeast Asia, chose TiDB as a MySQL alternative over Vitess and CockroachDB to scale out their databases on Kubernetes. Learn how this MySQL alternative helps Ninji Van fix their painpoints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Ninja Van, a leading logistics company in Southeast Asia, chose TiDB as a MySQL alternative over Vitess and CockroachDB to scale out their databases on Kubernetes. Learn how this MySQL alternative helps Ninji Van fix their pain points. 
```
